Previously with javascript we got used to when we're declaring strings that we would use quotes would
use the double quote or we would use a single quote and if we want to have more lines than we do run
into a problem because we can't just do more lines and then space separated out and this just doesn't
work.
But there is a way to go around that.
And if you're familiar you can do the backslash there.
And what happens when we go out to the browser and we refresh it and type in a we see that we get the
backslash.
We're able to write in more lines but this isn't including all this white space that we've got attached
to it.
And if we do want to include that then we have to include the backslash and which is the new line character.
But then we have to break out of that again with the backslash.
So now when I do this we get that both lines of code that we're able to write that.
But it's not the best solution and that's why ESX came up with something better.
And this is the back tick.
So instead of quote's we use the back tick and this has that little character just to the left of the
one that's the back tick there.
So you got these little back ticks and I can do more lines within the back ticks so I can just keep
spaces I can bring it over to more lines and I can do as many lines as I want as well.
So we see that at no point is breaking out.
And when I go to the console.
So if I do a I see it like that if I do B I see it exactly the same way.
But I didn't have to include the breaks their backs the backslash ands.
So it's a lot more flexible in what we're doing with our code.
We can also see that B is still a string type.
So that hasn't changed it's still a string but we have more flexibility on how we contain the characters
of a string.
And also we do have the ability to add in the quotes as well so we could do a double quote We could
do a single quote and we don't have to break out of them of course because our content is contained
within the tech.
So now if I go out here and if I refresh it again you're going to see that if I type in B that everything
is contained within those texts and notice that it's still counting out the string.
So still counting it with those double quotes on the outside of it.
And also we know with strings what we saw earlier we can get a length of a string.
So if we do a length of the string it's actually counting all of that whitespace characters.
So if we do length of a the same way that it's counting all of that whitespace in there as well.
But we see that because we've added in that additional line and we've added in a bunch more characters
that were actually the length of B is not equivalent to the length of a loser.
This is just the new way of creating strings and it's a lot more flexible than what we had before.
So what I want you to do now is open up your editor and create some strings using ticks.
So no more quotes.
Use text and use left or Konst to declare your variables.
So try it out.